fix(loggly&tcp-log&udp-log&reports): close sockets explicitly when necessary (#10783)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

  [#10514](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10514)
- Fix the UDP socket leak caused by frequent DNS queries.
  [#10691](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10691)

> - Reports: fix a potential issue that would socket leak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reports: fix a potential issue that could cause socket leaks.
```

  [#10663](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10663)
- **gRPC gateway**: `null` in the JSON payload caused an uncaught exception to be thrown during pb.encode.
  [#10687](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10687)

> - **loggly & tcp-log & udp-log**: fix a potential issue that would socket leak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **loggly & tcp-log & udp-log**: fix a potential issue that could cause socket leaks.
```

  [#10687](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10687)
- **Oauth2**: prevent an authorization code created by one plugin instance to be exchanged for an access token by a different plugin instance.
  [#10011](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10011)
- **gRPC gateway**: fixed an issue that empty arrays in JSON are incorrectly encoded as `"{}"`; they are now encoded as `"[]"` to comply with standard.
  [#10790](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/10790)

> - **loggly & tcp-log & udp-log**: fix a potential issue that could cause socket leaks.

Reviewer 2: Note that this change was added to the wrong version in the changelog - it should have gone into #unreleased
